The Joe Rogan experience. Have you talked to Chappelle about, um,
all the he got for.
Now last a little bit, we'll text it back and forth. It's, you know, he's just,
you know, riding out the storm,
like he's not a ho homophobic or transphobic person. He makes fun of himself.
There's a bit in that special about him getting molest it and
jerking off in a man's face. <laugh> yeah. I mean,
this is or coming in a man's face that look it's fun.
It's just making jokes. That doesn't mean hate. This is the problem with today.
If you don't have an enemy, you make an enemy.
And this is a real problem with people. We,
we would look for things like if there's some people that really hated you and
they were the enemy, people that just joked around about stuff,
wouldn't be thought of as the enemy. It's like,
and as the level of people truly hate you drops,
you start looking for equilibrium and what you're upset about.
And so now you're more upset about jokes. Now silence is violence, and now,
you know, you can't just be this. You have to be that.
And it becomes this like weird control level. Where,
what people start to conflate you, you start,
when you start equating jokes with like real feelings. Well,
you they're they're, they're not the same thing. Well, I.
Don't think that's what it is.
I think they're trying to put different individuals or groups on a pedestal and
kind of make them sacred.
And you have someone comes along and knocks them up that pedestal.
All of a sudden, you're trying to undo what I'm trying to do,
which is to make this person holy. And now you are my enemy,
cuz your agenda is the opposite of mine.
Fully agree. I was getting too bad. Sorry. Okay. No it's no, it's okay.
You're right though. A hundred percent. But it's these, these ideas that,
that you can't make of are dangerous. They're not good for anybody.
They're not good for the people to hold those ideas,
whether it's about who you are or what you do.
The idea that no fun can be had about any of this is crazy.
Cuz the idea is that then all fun is done maliciously and out of hate.
And we know as friends that is just not.
True. All my fun is malicious it's well, it's also.
Funny.
It's funny if you and I were with each other and we're saying ridiculous to each
other, we would both be smiling. Yes. A hundred percent. Why we did it.
This is what roast battles all about my friend, Brian, Moses.
This is what a lot of what killed Tony's about like it's fun.
There's fun in making fun of each other and we have to accept. Yeah.
And then I need to know your real feelings about gay people,
your real feelings about trans people, your real feelings,
about all religions and all races and all ethnicities.
But we gotta be able to joke around about each other.
And if you get down to Dave, Chappelle's real feelings.
He's a lovely person. He's one of the nicest people I've ever meant in my life.
He loves everybody. He, he's not a hateful soul.
He's beyond jealous.
He's just a guy who loves this art form called
standup comedy.
And he tries to do his best navigating through this world of talking about
things and saying outrageous things that get huge laughs or
placating, really sensitive groups that feel like they're in a protected class.
And then the other people that pile onto that,
that also feel like this is a protected class and they equate any
jokes with hate. And this is where they're wrong.
Like I'm telling you that Dave Chappelle does not hate anyone or anything,
but he's not that person. He's his jokes are just that they're just jokes.
And if you really pay attention to what he's saying,
whether you agree with him or not in some of his jokes,
like whether or not they're funny,
just really pay attention to the overall message. It is in no way,
transphobic. It's just not.
But this is a way for low status people to try to compete with Dave and try to
get on his level.
Because if I'm some kind of random journalist and I take down Dave Chappelle or
Joe Rogan or somebody else,
this elevates my status in my rank and takes out a peg.
And that's used to me from an evolutionary point of.
View. You're, you're absolutely right. You can't,
can't be denied if you're a person and you're looking up at a guy like Dave
Chappelle, he's at the highest of high levels. Right? You have, you know, you,
you have to also equate. You have to equate that in anything you,
you think about when you think about a guy like Dave Chappelle,
but then you also have to real realize that the problem is in
listening to everybody,
you're gonna get a certain group of people that want people to not be able to
work anymore. They want to like stop you. They wanna pull things down.
They wanna change. Like what's available. You don't have to like it.
Like here's the thing about a Dave L look,
he's clearly the most popular comedian on planet earth, right?
He's number one.
He he's clearly one of the greatest comedians that's ever lived clearly.
So obviously a lot of people like him and what you want is
people did not have access to him. Right? When you have options,
you don't have to like it.
But if you want Netflix to take it down and you say it's hateful,
this is, this is an incorrect way to do this.
If you wanna make your own special about what was wrong with Dave Chappelle
special on.
YouTube with your monologue. Like Keith <inaudible>. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Go, go for it. And good luck to you.
And maybe you'll have a point that that person that you're criticizing can take
into consideration and go.
Maybe I could do better at this because if something does bother you,
if someone says something ridiculous about you and it doesn't make any sense,
it doesn't have any effect on you. The things that bother people,
the things that are at least slightly accurate.
But I think this just kind of speaks to what we're talking about earlier,
how they're trying to have their be in the same way,
how intentionally or not it's trying to push everyone to be an Amazon or a
Walmart customer.
They are trying to have everyone only consume media through pre-approved
sources, right? That's a problem.
If you're not reading the New York times or CNN or the wall street or the
Washington post or whatever, that means you're doing something wrong.
So this is what they're doing that process elimination by trying to funnel
people into certain outlets that they themselves can control.
And that creates uniformity and cohesion among the population.
I think the problem is you create a journalistic version of the Streisand
effect. I think that's.
The problem. Well, it's encouraging people to watch Chappelle.
Yeah. It's encouraging for sure that special's giant. Yeah. Oh yeah.
For and all the controversy's only been good.
And then when people and the controversy.
Is because it's not like he's Howard stern back in the day.
Well, it's not only that what he's saying in this he's telling about,
he's telling a story about a real person that he was close with, that that died.
That became friends with him through comedy. There's a whole story to it.
I don't want to give it up cuz I think you should watch it special.
I toured with Dave, we did a lot of shows together.
It's this is his story that he had about this
person that he loved that died. It's not a, it is not a transphobic story,
but there's jokes in there. And in those J Oaks, he's poking fun at everything,
including himself. I mean,
this is a part of his act part of any comics act like there's there. It's,
there's a lot of it.
That's just designed to be funny while he's telling a story.
And it's one of the things that Dave does so well,
he's like he tells these stories and he figures out a way to get his point
across while being really funny. But, but when you're gonna be really funny,
you're gonna make fun of yourself. You're gonna make fun of other people.
You're gonna make fun of everything that that's, but that doesn't.
Equal hate. And that's not how men demonstrate camaraderie.
Like coming from Brooklyn, you have the Jewish guy, the Italian guy,
you have the Puerto Rican guy,
you have the black guy everyone's busting each other's chops.
And that's how you symbolize that. You're comfortable with each other. Yes.
I'm safe with you by saying things that would get me in trouble in other
context.
And I trust you enough to know that you're not gonna use that in a bad way that
we're all bros here.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.